# Predicting_Obesity_Levels
## Problem Statement
According to WHO verweight and obesity are defined as abnormal or excessive fat accumulation that presents a risk to health. A body mass index (BMI) over 25 is considered overweight, and over 30 is obese. The issue has grown to epidemic proportions, with over 4 million people dying each year as a result of being overweight or obese in 2017 according to the global burden of disease. According to NHS.UK, being obese can increase the risk of developing many potentially serious health conditions, including: type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure, high cholesterol and atherosclerosis (where fatty deposits narrow your arteries), which can lead to coronary heart disease and stroke. As a result, the collaborative efforts to understand overweight and obesity and to promote healthy weight is an area to be reasearched on.


In line with this, this project aims at predicting the obesity level of individuals. The dataset under study includes data for the estimation of obesity levels in individuals based on their eating habits and physical condition. The data contains 17 attributes and 2111 records, the records are labeled with the class variable NObesity (Obesity Level), that allows classification of the data using the values of Insufficient Weight (under Weight), Normal Weight, Overweight Level I, Overweight Level II, Obesity Type I, Obesity Type II and Obesity Type III.

The task here is to predict the obesity level of on a value of 0–7 given a set of features as inputs. This prediction will be solved as a classification problem using different classifier algorithms.
